Updates Dapp flow for manage and deploy article (#54)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/deploy-manage/dapp/deploy.md

Please note that if you deploy an EVM ContainerChain, your users won't need to use a Substrate wallet. They will be able to interact with your ContainerChain using Ethereum-compatible wallets like [MetaMask](/builders/interact/ethereum-api/wallets/metamask){target=_blank}.

> ### Check token balances {: #check-balances }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Check Token Balances {: #check-token-balances }
```

Reviewer: Just need to make sure `{: #check-balances }` isn't duplicated

> !!! note

Reviewer: The size of a raw chain specifications file should not exceed 2MB.

    The size for a raw chain specifications file should not exceed 2Mb

> ## Check your balances {: #check-balances }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check Your Balances {: #check-balances }
```

After configuring your Appchain, the dApp will require you to connect your wallet to check your balances. Provided that you have received enough DANCE and UNIT tokens, you can go ahead.

### Connect Your Wallet to the DApp {: #connect-wallet }

To continue the process, you'll be required to connect your wallet. Depending on the wallet you're using, your wallet may pop up when first navigating to the Tanssi dApp. If so, feel free to follow the prompt, select the accounts you want to interact with, and connect your wallet.

Otherwise, to get started, you can:

1. Click **Connect Wallet**
2. Choose your account from the dropdown
3. You'll be prompted to sign a message, which will log you into the Tanssi dApp. Go ahead and sign the message

![Click on the Connect Wallet button to connect your wallet to the Tanssi dApp.](/images/builders/deploy-manage/dapp/deploy/deploy-2.png)

Once connected, you'll see your address in the top-right corner. If you've connected multiple accounts and would like to switch accounts, you can click on your address and choose an account from the dropdown menu.

> ### Balances verification {: #balance-verification }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Balance Verification {: #balance-verification }
```

> Once you have connected your wallet on the dApp, the **Balance Verification** section will show your DANCE and UNIT token balances. Meeting the requirements results in a green checkmark next to each balance, while failing to meet them is indicated by a red X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have connected your wallet to the dApp, the **Balance Verification** section will show your DANCE and UNIT token balances. If you meet the requirements, it results in a green checkmark next to each balance, while failing to meet them is indicated by a red X.
```

Just switches it to an active voice
